DOCSP-28695: Add ODMs and libraries to landing page (#815)
mongodb/docs-node: source/index.txt

.. include:: /includes/fact-environments.rst

> Related Tools and Libraries

Author: Yeah I wasn't really sure where to put it, but my thinking was that people don't usually read the landing page all the way through and most wouldn't see this section at all if it's at the bottom. But if you feel strongly that it shouldn't go at the top of the page, I can ask the PM (Alex B) if he's okay with moving it!

> Related Tools and Libraries

Reviewer: for consistency with the other doc sets, i think it would be best toward the bottom of the list. can you ask alex (or i can)? you can also send him my way if there are more questions.

> Related Tools and Libraries

Author: Makes sense, I'll check with him

---------------------------

Object Document Mappers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> MongoDB and our partners provide several Object Document Mappers (ODMs) for Node.js that

Reviewer: Following the format used in the article linked below:

```suggestion
MongoDB and our partners provide several object-document mappers (ODMs) for Node.js that
```

> simplify database interactions and improve the developer experience. These ODMs include:
> 
> - **Mongoose**, which helps enforce a semi-rigid schema at the application level. Mongoose
>   also provides features to assist with data modeling and general data
>   manipulation.
> - **Prisma**, which helps ensure data consistency by offering a type-safe database client
>   and an intuitive schema. 

Reviewer: S: i don't personally disagree, but this sentence feels a little editorial. [also clearer to introduce a list with a full sentence](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#introductory-text). I might just lump the list into the preceding paragraph.

```suggestion
let developers work with MongoDB data as objects. One popular ODM is **Mongoose**,
which helps enforce a semi-rigid schema at the application level and provides features
to assist with data modeling and manipulation. **Prisma**, another ODM, helps
ensure data consistency by offering a type-safe database client and an intuitive schema. 
```

let me know what you think

Author: I like this wording! changed

> For more information about these ODMs, see the following resources:

Reviewer: S: The MDB article talks about lots of ODMs, not just Prisma + Mongoose

```suggestion
For more information about using ODMs with MongoDB, see the following resources:
```

> - :website:`MongoDB ORMs, ODMs, and Libraries </developer/products/mongodb/mongodb-orms-odms-libraries/>` article
> - `Mongoose <https://mongoosejs.com/>`__ documentation
> - `Prisma <https://www.prisma.io/docs>`__ documentation

Reviewer: S: Based on our Style Guide and other examples in our docs, I think I'd write these lines like this:

```suggestion
- :website:`MongoDB ORMs, ODMs, and Libraries </developer/products/mongodb/mongodb-orms-odms-libraries/>`
- `Mongoose <https://mongoosejs.com/docs/guide.html>`__ official documentation
- `Prisma <https://www.prisma.io/docs>`__ official documentation
```

Packages
~~~~~~~~

You can install the following packages to expand the functionality of the {+driver-short+}:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 2

>    * - Component

Reviewer: S: does it make sense to say "package" instead of "component," given that we just called them "packages" twice?
```suggestion
   * - Package
```

     - Description

   * - `bson <https://www.npmjs.com/package/bson>`__
     - BSON serialization and deserialization library used by the official
       {+driver-long+}

   * - `kerberos <https://www.npmjs.com/package/kerberos>`__

>      - C++ extension for Node.js that provides support for kerberos authentication

Reviewer: Product name is capitalized, but package isn't

```suggestion
     - C++ extension for Node.js that provides support for Kerberos authentication
```

   * - `mongodb-client-encryption <https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongodb-client-encryption>`__
     - Library for client-side encryption functionality

   * - `mongodb-legacy <https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongodb-legacy>`__

>      - Package that supports callbacks to ease the migration process to the Promise-only API

Reviewer: S: sort of sounds like it's adding callback support to the driver; it's really a whole different driver that supports callbacks.

grabbed this language from the [what's new](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/whats-new/#what-s-new-in-4.10) page:

```suggestion
     - Legacy Node.js driver with optional callback support
```

   * - `@mongodb-js/zstd <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mongodb-js/zstd>`__
     - Zstandard compression library for Node.js

For information about each package's version compatibility, see the :github:`Component Support Matrix
</mongodb/node-mongodb-native#component-support-matrix>` in the {+driver-short+} Github

> repository.

Reviewer: nice 👍

MongoDB University provides free courses to teach everyone how to use MongoDB.

Take the following free online courses taught by MongoDB instructors:
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. list-table::

>      

Author: I ended up taking both pictures out since it looked kinda weird with just one, but let me know if you think I should keep the original graphic there

MongoDB University provides free courses to teach everyone how to use MongoDB.

Take the following free online courses taught by MongoDB instructors:
`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. list-table::

   * - .. figure:: /includes/figures/M220JS_hero.jpg
          :alt: Banner for the Beginner's MongoDB University Node.js Course
     
     - `Using MongoDB with Node.js <https://learn.mongodb.com/learning-paths/using-mongodb-with-nodejs>`_
        
       Learn the essentials of Node.js application development with MongoDB.
   * - .. figure:: /includes/figures/M220P_hero.jpg
          :alt: Banner for the MongoDB University Node.js Developer Path
     
     - `MongoDB Node.js Developer Path <https://learn.mongodb.com/learning-paths/mongodb-nodejs-developer-path>`_
        

>        Learn how to build a Node.js application using MongoDB as your database.

Reviewer: I: [using](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#u:~:text=by%20using%20with-,Use%20by%20using,-%2C%20or%20recast%20the)

```suggestion
       Learn how to build a Node.js application that uses MongoDB as a database.
```
